[RNMobile] Ensure uploaded audio is always visible within Audio block (#55627)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/react-native-editor/CHANGELOG.md

-->

## Unreleased

> -   [*] Audio block: Fix visibility of upload audio [#55627]

Reviewer: Given we use this to source user-facing notes, it may be beneficial to capture more detail. WDYT? 
```suggestion
-   [*] Audio block: Improve legibility of audio file details on various background colors [#55627]
```

Author: The suggested change looks great, thanks @dcalhoun! I update the note in Gutenberg Mobile too, in https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/gutenberg-mobile/pull/6340/commits/15f16aacec1531fbbaa56d0721fc238e7aacc9db.
